well they call him the sky angel cowboy
the voice of a little boy who called a
radio station to share a story and a
lesson that God showed him the message
that has now captured the world's
attention this is 13 year old Logan
Henderson he lives on a ranch in the
middle of Nebraska isolated from much of
the world he often listens to K s BJ
Christian radio out of Houston Texas
which he picks up on Sky Angel in late
October Logan made a call to the station
that would soon be heard around the
world
hey Mike can I talk to you you bet Logan
what's up I want to tell you something
that God just told me okay last night my
dad was roping this calf and this calf
had been born from a really old cow she
she didn't have really the greatest milk
she didn't have like the vitamin C and
stuff okay she broke her back and Laurie
I went out and put her down myself I was
talking to God oh thank god why she was
special and God said you know will you
my son was special but he died for a
purpose it's cousin is he see that calf
is close to me and got something close
to him Logan you're you're so right it's
true
you're going to be okay yeah I'll be
fine but I just want to tell you guys
that so important
just remember when you lose the loved
one or a pet always remember that God
gave his son - and he understands he
will always understand he'll always just
for anything else
Logan you're wiser than you know buddy
oh I figured that biggest orange cherry
you guys love you love me too
[Music]